#7656 Fix missing learn more link (#7664)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/New-CsTeamTemplate.md

## SYNOPSIS

> This cmdlet lets you provision a new team template for use in Microsoft Teams. Learn more about team templates [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/get-started-with-teams-templates-in-the-admin-console).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet lets you provision a new team template for use in Microsoft Teams. To learn more about team templates, see [Get started with Teams templates in the admin center](MicrosoftTeams/get-started-with-teams-templates-in-the-admin-console).

```

## SYNOPSIS

> This cmdlet lets you provision a new team template for use in Microsoft Teams. To learn more about team templates, see [Get started with Teams templates in the admin center](MicrosoftTeams/get-started-with-teams-templates-in-the-admin-console).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet lets you provision a new team template for use in Microsoft Teams. To learn more about team templates, see [Get started with Teams templates in the admin center](https://docs.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/get-started-with-teams-templates-in-the-admin-console).

```
